Halli hello and welcome
youtube i am outraged you right
welcome to a new video, yes and
today for you black ops 2 like quick
I then step right this is one
quick stop tutorial all this nato
in a little private match with the
love good bots that insert in the game
can
and important to say yes that we are
first here together the animation
look how it looks like here
how is the animation of the weapon we are
look at this
here shows sixx coop we see that here
that the animation is different than mw2 and
mp3s goes slowly into the gate and then
fast slow fast slow fast
and then it's gonna be that tough
Waffenträger but then is pretty
Quick to the coop and the question is now
what is a war swap came in mw3
many ask you why why
that yes, the battle scope because I here
the weapon is not what you are here now
Look is out of the cinema I have to
made extra so you just see
what it looks like for you in game though
you somebody snip you see
that someone in innsbruck is going as well
now here i am going to become natural
First of all I will of course also one
Install some clips as they are right for
you look like I 'm doing a few now
clicks cops and for you in the cinema mode
and if you are now in spectator in
his stonemason is looking for his
For example, you would only be here like this
a bit of what I see black
However, what is important here is the look
crosshairs flash so when I enter
copies is quite minimal, the crosshair
blinking that says I'll ever do that
to the door
and I'll just check it out
few bots i say push headshot see
flash the crosshairs for a moment and
then I'll drop you off now
on
from a live record that looks like
and how the war does not rage from the
cinema mode be so looks much fun
in order to
Here we see that rationally and accurately
that's what it should look like
it is important if you now know how
war head works
So I have to go to Innsbruck with the
right mouse button see my crosshair
press off and go back out of the scope
out so I go from the head bridge
and the excavated out just more
this whole thing does not go jagged
scope the outside scope and out again
Do not be surprised if I'm so fast
fall over
the whole looks like that to salad
I here the health and the
half asked so we see once
very short four-stroke I give my
mobile
Here you can practice nice you should too
to meet
So you see the reticule very briefly
and expresses and that is for each of
you can do it now is the question
of course, as usual, that's reasonable yes
I see a lot of pots here you can
set the private match offer her
Of course you can also talk with your friends
play the practice
It is important that always remember
have to be like football
a pass in the run and the same is
here so if the opponent is running I have to
calculate approximately when I go into
Copies was not the crosshairs see where
the opponent is then and only then can
I push off
that means when corner can come
I'm not okay you the opponent from here so
I can not go here in Innsbruck
because, on the other hand, as likely during
I'm here the way
the enemy is already in the cockpit here
So maybe I have to because he's right
to as her and just go into a
There are private matches with friends in
a private match fix arrives here
little bit looking for you the player moves
People simply look to you here
the box is still low at first
low skill and then you are looking for it
you and fixed costs you are looking for
maybe first what is there after
there is a recruit there that is the lowest
Try it first as a recruit and afterwards
maybe as veterans or stop
mercenary
yes and then you give it this way
I 'm doing this and then you have
At some point a few war course applies the
I have to give you a perfect class now
do not explain there is another
tutorial on the channel so you have to
Do not worry about it now
what is the perfect class that
you will still be told on a canal
I'll get there too
to make video
beauty of the wrap if you still have me
can not subscribe you can me
of course subscribe so that you can learn
how it is really so what is the best
class is of course a video too
and vice versa, there is in one
private match it could still drive
the air must stop
the air does not stop
Of course you can stop the air
because if I can fix group here
be that they have not quite on it and
maybe another shot art
applying
maybe a resin coop because of that
I always recommend you cool immediately
to stop air
here in black ops 2 see how it is
actually pretty middle of it all
crosshair here what us of course
huge advantage
So he's always bringing it
where to go scope there is the middle there
Can you meet opponents like it
In football, a pass in the running practices that
here
you only go in sceaux stops
while decided that's right too
important
So not here here should hurt
press and here is political on the other hand
the he did not so do not meet
I can press something here
do not meet when I like to press and
while running the shots that go
everywhere
it does not work, it does not work either
kind of that one half a second in
sceaux stay then is really that way
when you in cinematic mode the crosshairs
you can not see anymore during the
playing crosshairs flashed briefly
they can bring away all this well
simply that is war schopen remains
stand
hold the air through it hurts you
not and really exists with friends
In the private match then someday could
it really gets kicked by public
me also a few factory directors
give tutorial for all those now
know how to properly war future
but still do not know how
there is also a public scope
tutorial that you now directly you
Let's get out there in private match with it
the animation gets the pass skills
It's a little different. It's one
little different than other call of
Duty parts and I hope, of course
I always tell you in this video
could help and please forget that
rate comments and of course
do not write your questions in the
comments or your note
mg